Change install a local devdocs link (#2060)
PrestaShop/docs: contribute/documentation/how/edit-on-your-computer.md

## Installation

> [Follow this guide](https://github.com/PrestaShop/devdocs-site/) to install a local DevDocs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Follow this guide](https://github.com/PrestaShop/devdocs-site/) to install Developer Documentation locally.
```
